## Organiser meetup before summer

Present:

* [Mike Kaperys](https://github.com/kaperys)
* [Wei Zhang](https://github.com/weizhang9)
* [Daniel Martí](https://github.com/mvdan)

#### Go Developer Network

Small print still not clear. Still not joining for the same reasons as when we spoke in February.

#### July and August meetups

Dan will be away. Wei and Mike will run July, and we'll take a break for August.
Sponsors won't be charged for August, of course - we'll let them know.

#### Lloyds bank account

Adding Mike to our online banking. No luck with a Monzo account so far.

#### Sponsors

UAccount dropped, but we have Monzo and Utility Warehouse as stable sponsors.

We have a bit of money saved up, and we can afford food plus reimbursements every month.

Mike will write a short google form for speakers to claim reimbursement.

#### Equipment

Now that we have some money saved up, we can look at equipment.

The London meetup will publish their audio+video recording setup, which records
the speaker's video and audio, as well as the slides being shown live.

They said their setup cost around £100. If we can find someone to be in charge
of the work, we can buy it in September.

#### Jobs section

Mike suggests removing the jobs shout-out section, to make it more of an
exclusive for sponsors. Not many people have been using the opportunity in the
last few months, anyway.

#### Remote speakers

We should allow remote speakers via Hangouts, perhaps with a maximum of one per
meetup. This will make it easier to find speakers, and will allow us to get
other topics and speakers from elsewhere in Europe.

#### Three speakers per meetup 

Three speakers, twenty minutes each - makes our job simpler, particularly
because we've had issues finding four speakers in the last couple of meetups.

Twenty minutes should also be enough for any talk. If someone needs more time,
we can consider it as we go.
