## First organiser meetup

Present:

* [Mike Kaperys](https://github.com/kaperys)
* [Wei Zhang](https://github.com/weizhang9)
* [Daniel Martí](https://github.com/mvdan)

#### Roles

* Mike: money and sponsorships, and expenses
* Wei: talks and new speakers, and twitter
* Dan: running each event, and planning future meetups

We need to add mike onto the bank account. Securely give Wei the Twitter
password, as the TweetDeck teams don't work on mobile.

#### 3-4 sponsors in the long term

Monzo, Uaccount, and hopefully Utility Warehouse as long-term sponsors.

CloudlFlare as backup since they require more paperwork.

#### Talking to members to get new speakers

Encourage people to join Slack. Perhaps send one email via meetup each month.

Create a form to make it easier for new speakers to come forward.

#### Growing the meetup

Current constraints:

* venue: max of 30-35 at tech parks
* sponsors: current income covers up to ~50 attendees

Spending more sponsor money:

* adding drinks (beer, tea, soft drinks)
* travel reimbursement for speakers from outside Sheffield
* reimbursements require receipts/tickets

Sustainable prizes:

* one drink for each speaker (beer, tea, milkshake)
* more sponsored quiz/random prizes (swag, books)

#### Workshops

Ask at next meetup who would come to both in a single month.

Talk to bigger venues with sockets and tables in sheffield, like SkyBet.

#### GitHub

Try to copy GLUG's admin repo with general info.

Start collecting data on past meetups.

#### Current recurring costs

For ~30 people per meetup:

* ~80 gbp in pizza
* ~14 gbp in meetup.com

#### "Far" future wishlist

Start recording talks; buy audio (and video?) equipment.

Holding workshops regularly, if there's interest and time.

Growing the meetup past ~50 attendees after summer.

Being fully transparent, including finances.

